# $Id: README,v 1.3 2003/01/15 18:54:12 marilyndavis Exp $ 

Tools associated with eVote:

In the "utils" directory

eVote_script - Takes control of where errors land.  Call this in the 
               alias file.

unhex.c    - Reads stdin and looks for hex code that comes from a mailto.
             It replaces the hex code with ascii characters and puts the
             result on stdout and executes its command line.  Useful
             in the alias file.

unhtml.c   - This feature is courtesy of Zapatistas.  If you make an 
             alias entry:

unhtml: "|/usr/local/majordomo/wrapper unequal unhtml deaccent sorter\
    -er return -en return -es return -it return -o return sendmail -t"
       
             people can send html files to the address:

             unhtml@your_site.net

             and a copy of the html will be sent back, but with much
             of the html code removed.

             unequal.c  converts an email with quoted printables to 8
                        bit text.

             deaccent.c converts email with accented letters to 7 bit.

             sorter.c   sorts mail by language and mails it to the 
                        address indicated for the language.  It is in
                        this chain of programs because it sends the
                        results to the "return" address.

tryagain.c - Sample crash_command for the Clerk.  When called from
             the dying Clerk, it restarts the Clerk unless it's been
             less than TOO_SOON seconds since the last time the Clerk
             died, in which case, it turns off the modem.  It sends
             mail in any case.

embed   --   Utility to help get started when embedding The Clerk into
             another program.

ipctest --   Run this to learn your systems values for MSGMNI, MSGTQL,
             MSGMAX, and SHMMNI.
---

In the "filters" directory

angel.c  -  For creating an angel@yourdomain.com address where people
            can .forward their mail.  The angel program will detect mail
            from majordomo-run lists and send an unsubscribe.  This is
            for cleaning up after mail attacks.

fence.c   - For putting into an alias to block junk on from your email
            lists and to unsubscribe your lists from list-subscribe
            attacks.

forward.c - Forwards mail from one address to another but also changes
            specified strings in the subject line.

pick.c    - Incoming mail that's in English goes to one address, Spanish
            to another, etc.  Allows the elimination of specified strings.
            The From: address can be specified on the command line.

puppet.c  - Allows a user on the local machine to send mail from a trusted
            external address that will be sent out looking like it came
            from the local address.  That way, it appears that you are
            at your desk when you are really at your boyfriend's house.

shelter.c - For creating a someone@yourdomain.com fake address that
            that hides their real address off-site.



---

In the "trans" directory

trans.c   -  Aid for translating C code to other human languages.

---

embed    -  Utility for starting the process of embedding eVote functions
            into another groupware program.


---

In the "errors" directory

printips.c-  Part of the output from the eVote_errors program, in
             $EVOTE_HOME_DIR/eVote/src/mail, is a set of files, one
             for each ip address in the list of bad_guys.

             This little program puts all those reports into one file:
             stdout.  You can redirect:  printips > ipreport

strings.c -  Uses the output of printips and looks for repetitive
             strings in the attack data.

           

